[Music]
i met this girl
hi hi uh i'm mark dude i saw you last
night you didn't tell me anything about
a girl this is gonna sound really
strange
i was wondering are you experiencing any
kind of temporal anomaly
listen we're stuck in a time loop you me
everybody same day's repeating over and
over again like in groundhog day and
edge of tomorrow except only me and this
girl margaret know about it but you
don't remember any of this because your
brain keeps getting erased
oh so what have you brought to with
infinite time oh you know like
solving crimes and teaching myself how
to drive
so you're into her well like i'm not not
into her
you ever wish today happened on a
different day just hoping we could
talk about your future besides who knows
what they want to be when they're 17.
i do aerospace engineer specifically a
nasa mission specialist
wait like an astronaut because that's
cool
that's like uh most of life is just
junk and then there's these moments and
all the randomness turns into something
perfect
that is disturbingly inspirational what
if we found them all
all the perfect things we could collect
them like partners
oh yeah can i tell you a secret
with you i don't have to pretend
what is this oh i dropped me
he made a map of us
i should go
[Applause]
we could get out of it are you really in
that much of a hurry
you don't actually think that this is
living do you
we have all the time in the world this
is not
time time is the stuff that when you
spend it you don't get it back
i thought everything was perfect but
there's more to the story
[Music]
i thought we'd have so much more time
you